- [Instructor] Now let's look at an ER diagram
with multiple tables.
The lines between the component
show foreign key relationships.
There are three new tables in our University database.
Department, course, and enrollment.
Department is the academic division of a university
and has an ID and a name.
Course is a particular class offered at the university.
It also has an ID and a name
as well as an ID of its department.
Students are enrolled in courses,
so we have a join table called enrollment
that has a course ID and a student ID.
Now let's see how to map the updated physical model
to our logical model.
We have two new entities,
course and department,
which contain @table, @entity, @ID,
and @column annotations,
just like the student.
But how do we handle a foreign key?
We need to think object orientedly,
if that's a word.
The course table has
a course underscore department underscore ID column.
The @join annotation
declares this physical mapping
enabling a logical relationship
between the course entity and the department entity.
The @many to one annotation shows cardinality.
Many courses are mapped to one department.
Now let's look at the other side of the relationship.
Department to courses.
The department entity has a list of courses
that annotates with @one to many.
One department has many courses.
The mapped by equals department parameter
refers to the department attribute back in the course class.
We also see fetch and cascade parameters
in the one to many annotations.
By default, one to many attributes
are not automatically fetched from the database.
This is called lazy loading,
but we can override that with the fetchtype.eager setting.
So when a department is read from the database,
JPA also populates the associated courses.
Finally, there is a cascades parameter.
Cascade controls the state of the collection attributes
for an entity.
With cascade set to all,
any state changes that are made in the department
should apply to its courses as well.
Finally, let's look at the enrollment table.
Enrollment is a join table
with a student ID and course ID.
The @join column annotation
declares this physical mapping,
enabling a logical relationship
between the student entity
and the course entity.
@join requires the table name,
which is enrollment,
the join column,
which is the student ID,
and the inverse join column,
which is the course ID.